(Yuya)
Previously on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh!
ARC‐V"...
(Aster Phoenix)
Those circus moves
aren't gonna save you forever,
'cause you are destined
for defeat, Yuya.
And it's a defeat
I can't wait to deliver!
(Yuya)
The Professor taught you
that dueling is for power
and control,
but my dad told you
that it's for fun and smiles.
So which of the two is right?
For me it's a no brainer,
but I bet you're having doubts.
Not in the slightest.
Now, Dystopia, muzzle that
laugh maker once and for all!
(screaming)
Bet you don't feel
like smiling now.
I'm not givin' up gettin'
you to duel for fun.
It's showtime!
I activate the action spell
Miracle Fire!
Huh?!
It doubles Brave‐Eyes's
attack points to 6600!
Searing Flame Strike!
A dueltainer
beat me again.
(Grace)
Yuya won!
If the Professor hears
how the Lancers outdueled us,
he's going to make us pay
for failing him.
(Noro)
Don't worry.
You won't be punished,
because Noro has a plan.
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
You've been on quite
the roll, Yuya,
but your dueltaining ways
are coming to a screeching halt!
For you see, watching you
topple the Tyler twins
and cruise past Commander
Phoenix has confirmed
what I've known all along,
and that's, that I, and I alone
am the only one capable
of putting you and your lot
of Lancers out of commission.
Now, soldiers, capture him.
I'm already 23 minutes
and 32 seconds behind schedule.
Figures you'd have others
do the heavy lifting for you.
Like, you couldn't duel
yourself out of a paper bag.
(grunting)
Of course I can beat
them on my own!
But I don't like getting
my hands dirty.
Now enough standing around!
Get ready for battle!
Grr.
Aster?!
Uh, Aster, what are you doing?
What I should've done
a long time ago...
stand up for what's right.
We all need to chill out
on the gloom and doom.
Yeah.
Instead of fear,
Yuya and his dad ducked the
tears and brought the cheers.
We all need to
do a lot more of that.
I didn't want to believe it
at first, but I was wrong.
Hmm?
Uh‐oh, Noro.
This is utter nonsense!
(Aster Phoenix)
Time to face facts, Noro.
The people of the Xyz Dimension
were doing just fine
until we showed up.
We took their world
and turned it upside down.
You're the commander‐in‐chief
and you have the audacity
to stand there and condemn
the Arc Area Project?!
Don't you understand
that such language
is a total betrayal
of the Professor?
Course I do.
But I'm not gonna go
and bark out orders
that I don't think
are above board.
I'm not cool being
the Professor's fool.
And if that makes me a traitor,
that's fine with me.
(gasps)
Oh, man, I don't want
to be around the Professor
when he hears about this.
He's doing a turnzy
on Duel Academy.
I think that's...
like totally cool!
Hold up a sec.
You're not telling me
you're buying
what this guy's selling,
are you?
Well, kinda sorta I guess.
You can't be serious!
Come on, sis, admit it.
You like so enjoyed
the sweetness
of Yuya's awesome
dueltaining.
Maybe a smidge.
Welcome to Team Yuya.
(groans)
See ya on the
other side, Noro!
Yolo!
What?!
Glad to have
you on board.
Now that we're
working together,
I know we can put a stop to
the Professor's pointless war!
Things are looking up, Yuto.
Yuto?
Yeah.
Just someone very special to me,
someone from this dimension.
And we know that
by working together,
we can make this, and all
other dimensions, smile.
(both)
What do ya say?
You ready to bring
the fun back here,
'cause this place can use
all the smiles it can get.
You got it.
We're totally in
to bring the grin 110%, Yuya.
And we're not gonna stop
until the jobs done,
no matter how long it takes.
(Noro)
You won't get
that chance.
That's because all of you
are going to be eliminated
right here and now!
Since Aster Phoenix has turned
traitor and I'm next in command,
that of course makes me
the highest‐ranking officer
in the Xyz Dimension!
So, I hereby order my army‐‐
(Kite)
To chill out.
Huh?
(Noro shrieks)
It's Kite!
If you're planning
on taking anyone down,
you and your army of goons
are gonna have to go
through me first.
And when I say me,
I mean we.
We who?!
(gasps)
Hey, look.
Kite brought backup.
(nervous groan)
(Yuya)
That's what I call
an unexpected surprise.
Kite said he won't let me
take all the credit
for roundin' these guys up,
but I will anyway!
It'll be our secret, ha.
And don't worry about Shay!
He's snoozin' his brusin' away!
Good to know.
Thanks, Alan.
Seems like you and your goons
were about to mix it up
with my pals down there.
Well, then let's get to mixing!
And since you're the one
calling the shots,
I think I'll call
you out first!
(nervous groan)
Well, thanks
for the invitation, but...
you see, I'm more of
a behind‐the‐scenes‐type guy,
y'know with henchmen.
(crying)
Oh, my!
(Aster Phoenix)
Listen all of you.
It's time for us to face facts
and admit
that the Professor's project
was nothing less than a war
of conquest in disguise.
It goes against everything
we believe in.
The only decent thing
to do is to end the project
and work on righting
all the wrongs it caused.
This is your decision.
Any of you who don't agree
with what I'm proposing
have my permission to go back
to Duel Academy.
But I hope each one of you
will find it in your heart
to stay here with me and help
rebuild what we destroyed.
Thank you.
Late!
I gave those two
strict instructions
that the soup was to be
completed and ready to serve
in precisely 29 minutes
and 58 seconds!
By my watch it's already
taken them 30 minutes!
Hungry people are kept waiting
and waiting and waiting
and waiting and wait‐‐
(Grace)
Soup's on.
At last!
Slopping soup
is so beneath me.
You gotta like look
on the bright side, sis.
Think of all the slurping smiles
your slopping will bring.
(Alan)
Look at them goody two shoes.
This is too good to be true.
And when something's
too good to be true,
well, then then
it probably isn't.
It's all crazy.
Think about it,
yesterday they're houndin' us
and today they're helpin' us?
One of 'em even took
toilet duty from me.
The whole things
seems a bit too easy.
Well, they've been nothing
but help for me.
Saya's right.
They even offered
to heal Shay,
and Gong ain't one to look
a gift horse in the mouth.
Gong's all good
with this.
(Sylvio)
Of course you're good with it
because you're all brawn
and no brain.
But for the first
and probably last time,
I actually agree with you.
I mean, people change.
Look at me, I used to be
handsome, and now I'm gorgeous.
Chill out, guys...
he's cool.
I agree.
What? You do?
We all
can change.
And if I changed,
anything's possible.
We gotta give him a shot,
let him prove himself.
If he's really looking
to make up for things he did...
then we gotta let things
play out.
Second chances
are the most important ones.
If he and his peeps want
to pour soup and clean dishes,
more power to 'em.
I'm not gonna stand in the way.
But just as they're trying
to do the right thing now,
I have to make up
for what I did, too.
I was just as cruel
to more Duel Academy soldiers
than I could ever count.
Oh, Kite.
But you had a good reason.
They turned your family
into cards, so fair is fair!
(Yuto)
There's nothing
fair about that.
Uh...
you need a lozenge, Yuya?
I think it's Yuto
speakin', dummy
(Yuya and Yuto)
Just because you had bad
things happen to you
doesn't mean you have
to be bad back,
because then it's stacks
and stacks of bad on top of bad,
and who would want to deal
with that?
Instead turn that
frown upside down.
(Yuya only)
My dad always said, try to laugh
when you feel like crying.
When things get tough,
respond with a smile!
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward.
So, if we want a better
future for everyone,
we have to have
the courage to try.
(both)
It's the only way
to make a world
where everyone can be happy.
Kite, you just showed
that courage.
Losing your family hurt,
but you forgave Duel Academy,
and you're even sorry
for turning all those
soldiers into cards.
I am.
(Yuya only)
You can still make your family
proud, Kite.
Yeah, like when you
find them all
and turn them all back
to normal.
Hold on,
what do you mean?
Turning people into cards
is just a way to capture
and contain their
life force.
The Professor is collecting your
family, and everyone, as cards.
Not sure why, but...
anyway, if you can get
those cards back,
we might find a way
to free them.
You mean they'll be
as they were?
Are you saying my family...
will be with me again?
Yeah.
Where are all them
people cards now?
All the cards go straight
to Duel Academy.
There's a teleportation
device
located in our headquarters.
So this is where you zap
all those cards
to the Fusion Dimension?
That's right.
From that chamber direct
to Duel Academy.
Then fire it up.
I'm going to get
my family back.
And when
you're there...
please find Lulu.
Not just for me,
but for Shay.
Can you go with Kite, too?
I know he can use your help.
Please?
I'll stay with Shay.
I know Aster
will make sure
he gets the best care
Duel Academy has to offer.
Don't worry, he'll be up
and dueling before you know it.
That's my promise to you.
I have no doubt
about it, Aster.
We're all in this
thing together.
You better
believe it, Yuya.
There's a lot I wish I change
if could do things over.
And one of the top things
on my list
would be to go back
to the time I dueled your dad
and let him know...
let him know that..
I get it.
I'd like to pass
that message along, but...
I think it's better
if you tell him yourself.
Deal.
One last thing...
did you get a chance
to ask your squad about Zuzu?
Sorry, Yuya.
No one's seen her, much less
anyone with‐‐ and I quote‐‐
fab pink hair.
Thanks anyway.
Let's get
teleporting.
Yeah!
Huh?
Ready?
Yeah.
Hold it!
Alan.
I want you to take these.
Your rollerboots?
I can't‐‐
Don't argue with me,
just take them, Yuya!
Alan.
I can't.
Just take it.
I've seen you duel, Kite,
and you need all the help
that you can get.
You're right.
And with this card in my deck,
I'll be unstoppable.
Good luck.
Now, you ready?
Gong is ready to rock!
Let's do this.
Yeah!
(warbling beeps)
(Alexis Rhodes)
Things are getting
too dangerous,
we can't wait much longer.
One of the Professor's
enforcers just took down
five of our strongest.
And turned them into cards!
At this rate,
we'll lose before we even mount
an attack against Duel Academy.
The time to attack is now,
and with Zuzu and Yugo
teaming up with us,
we'll never have
a better chance.
We'll take down
Duel Academy
piece by piece.
They won't know
what hit 'em.
You got that right, Zuzu.
Let's teach the Professor
a lesson he'll never forget.
(man 1)
Yeah!
Let's go get 'em, Yugo!
(woman)
Let's do it!
(man 2) All right!
(man 3)
We gotta do this!
Agreed.
But I'll be going solo.
No, you can't go alone.
You stay here
and rest that leg,
we can handle things!
(sharp clack)
Of course you can,
but I'm not sure bringing
the fight is right.
There may be another way.
And that way is to say, hey.
I'll talk this through
with Leo Akaba personally.
Oh, no, you won't.
(Dennis)
To speak to the professor,
you must meet him first,
and the only way to meet him
is through me.
It's you!
(Zuzu)
Dennis!
Hi there, Zuzu.
Long time no see.
I've been looking for you.
(gasps)
And you found trouble.
Ooh, Yugo.
So scary.
Tough words
from a mediocre duelist.
I saw you duel back
in the Synchro Dimension,
and news flash,
you're no match for me.
So why don't you scurry away
and let the big boys talk.
Zip it, buddy!
How about I show you
what a mediocre duelist can do
to a backstabbing traitor!
(Dennis)
I did put on quite
the performance, didn't I?
I had everyone fooled,
but what can you expect
from someone as talented
a performer as me.
And I owe it all
to one man.
Is that so, Mr. McField?
You know him?
(Dennis)
It's been a while...
teacher.
Teacher?
Teacher!
(chuckling)
That's correct.
Oh, how I admired you
when I first saw you duel
on the street corners
of Heartland.
That's where my passion
for dueltaining was born.
But it's the old story,
the one where the student's
superior skills
overtake those of his teacher.
Don't be so sure.
Then why don't we find out?
I brought a few friends
who love a good show.
How did you find us here?
Oh, quite easily.
We have eyes everywhere.
You know, Teach,
I think it was destiny
that brought you here
to the Fusion Dimension.
Now I can take to the stage and
steal the spotlight from you.
Hey!
If you're looking
to put on a show,
I'm all up for playing the guy
who bangs up the bad guy!
You tell him, Yugo!
Shut your mouth, Dennis,
or we'll shut it for you!
Step aside, Yugo.
I can handle this.
Huh?
(Dennis chuckling)
But first, an observation.
You disappoint me, Dennis.
After all this time,
you still haven't changed a bit.
(Dennis)
That's a bad thing?
Yes.
You were always fascinated
by flashiness:
the showy, shallow things.
I was hoping that someday you'd
understand the part of dueling
that can truly move
the human heart.
That's why you can
never put on a real show.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
I had to endure
your mind‐numbing lectures
when I was your student,
but not anymore, Teach!
Let's duel!
Age before talent.
It's possible to possess both
at once, as you'll soon see.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
What?
That's your move?
Hey, what's the deal, Teach?
Calm down there.
Don't burn yourself out
on the very first turn.
Why, I'm merely
setting the stage.
And I'm taking it down.
It's my turn!
After I mastered a few
of your rudimentary tricks,
I improved upon them
by adding my own flair
to become a greater
dueltainer than you.
And here's the proof.
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale three Performage
Mirror Conductor
and Scale six
Performage Fire Dancer.
Now I can summon monsters
between Level four and five
all at the same time!
I... Pendulum Summon...!
Now taking center stage are
Performage Ball Balancer
and the too hot to handle
Performage Plushfire!
He opened
with a Pendulum Summon!
And that's
just for starters.
Since they're both
the same Level,
Dennis is gonna Xyz Summon.
I overlay Level four
Ball Balancer and Plushfire!
And right before your very eyes,
the majestic magician
will materialize!
I Xyz Summon!
Appear.
Performage Trapeze
Magician!
(cackling)
I know this
has been great fun,
but I'm sad to say this show
is nearly at an end.
Because I use one of Trapeze
Magician's Overlay Units
to activate its special ability!
And just like that,
Trapeze Magician can attack
twice this turn.
Since Trapeze Magician
has 2,500 attack points.
Two direct attacks and all
of your life points will poof,
vanish into thin air.
Best trick ever.
All right, Trapeze Magician,
swing on in and attack!
(cackling)
(gasping)
(Dennis)
All right, Trapeze Magician,
swing on in and attack!
(gasping)
I activate...
the trap Miraculous Hats!
He's gone!
(laughing)
(Yusho)
Not quite.
It only appears
that I've disappeared!
(Dennis)
You're inside one of those hats!
Correct.
It wouldn't be very
dueltaining for our audience
if the show were over after
only a swing and a fling.
This little trick adds
just a bit of... suspense!
Don't you agree?
No.
In one hat
is a spell card.
In the other...
me, along with a monster
that has zero attack points.
If you choose wisely
and attack the hat
with me and my
monster inside,
I'll take double
the damage and lose.
You got that right,
because Trapeze Magician
can attack twice this turn,
so it can attack
both your hats.
I get you no matter what!
(Yusho)
Oh, no!
You're right.
I wish I had
a third or fourth hat,
but the haberdashery
was closed.
Just attack me and put me
out of my misery.
Now, Trapeze Magician,
attack the hat on the right!
Oops, missed me.
That hat contained the spell
Wonder Balloons.
Looks like
I escaped unscathed.
Though not
for long, Teach.
Okay, Trapeze Magician, time
to attack the remaining hat!
Gotcha!
I win!
Oh.
(snickering)
Did you lose weight?
Wait up, that's Paper Doll.
That's a spell card but it can
also be treated as a monster.
I can't believe it,
he tricked me.
(banging)
Oh.
They're gone.
I've been played for a fool.
They're headed
towards Duel Academy.
Find them now!
Move it or I promise
you'll lose it!
Faster!
Yugo, stop!
Zuzu, what are
you doing?
What does it look like,
I'm gonna hold these guys off.
(Yugo)
You serious?
You'd rather
face them than me?
Zuzu, come on.
My driving
can't be that bad.
Yugo!
(Yuya)
Zuzu!
Yuya.
Well, what do you know, lookey
here, it's like a reunion.
And you're our surprise guest.